Specify image formats for credential issuer metadata (#290)
openid/OpenID4VC-HAIP: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

MUST be supported by both the Wallet and the Issuer. Key resolution to validate the signed Issuer
Metadata MUST be supported using the `x5c` JOSE header parameter as defined in [@!RFC7515]. In this case, the X.509 certificate of the trust anchor MUST NOT be included in the `x5c` JOSE header of the signed request. The X.509 certificate signing the request MUST NOT be self-signed.

> Wallets which support rendering images provided by the Credential Issuer in its metadata such as the logo associated to a specific credential as defined in Section 12.2.4 of [@!OIDF.OID4VCI] MUST support at least both the SVG and PNG formats and both data URI and HTTPS URLs as the form of the URI used to convey these images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wallets that render images provided by the Credential Issuer in its metadata defined in Section 12.2.4 of [@!OIDF.OID4VCI] (e.g., the logo of a specific credential) have certain requirements. Such wallets MUST support both the SVG and PNG formats. They also MUST support images conveyed through both data URIs and HTTPS URLs.
```
just trying to break it down to separate sentences for readability
